doc: --keep-own must also exist in SAVE ARTIFACT (#2643)
earthly/earthly: docs/earthfile/earthfile.md

Instructs Earthly to keep file ownership information. This applies only to the *artifact form* and has no effect otherwise.

{% hint style='info' %}

> Note that one must include the flag in the corresponding `SAVE ARTIFACT --keep-own ...` command.

Reviewer: Nit: We generally use "you" as a tone in other pages.

Also, added a clarification that this remark applies to certain COPY's only.

```suggestion
Note that you must include the flag in the corresponding `SAVE ARTIFACT --keep-own ...` command, if using *artifact form*.
```
